hey we did make it safely to down here
and I oh there's been a series of
interesting discoveries I've made about
the cooling system and I'm going to talk
about one of them right now because it
might be helpful to some of y'all this
is an overflow pipe and back in the old
days they just let it run out on the
ground because the radiator was big
enough so you could get a little bit
more in there Indonesia anyway but as
time went along you know I stuck this
poison and somebody picks Oh rather than
let it all waste they run it into an
overflow tank and the whole idea about
the overflow tank as it goes in there
and then one night everything contracts
he'll suck it back out I noticed on this
one the level never did change on my
fluid but at some point it got a little
hottest and I checked in here and hey
guess what it wasn't it wasn't enough it
wasn't enough antifreeze in my radiator
which told me that it wasn't the
additional entries out of the overflow
tank you'll follow me and the reason it
was is that this piece of hose was not
there it was not in existence on the
vehicle at all so what I did barney-boy
I looked around here first see if I find
one and didn't but but parks too
involved one but the idea that stinking
on there
that way when this thing heats up it'll
throw a fluid into tank and when it
cools down it'll suckin back already
the way it's supposed to operate instead
of what it was doing which is basically
learn it all in here and then not send
it back because that hole was missing
so now the DEP done that in of itself
should help this to run cooler and what
I'm going to do rather than fill this up
again and have more run in there I'm
gonna put crank up let it get hot turn
it off and let it suck something back
out and I can see where the level but my
antifreeze is right now it's right there
so I'm just gonna start it and you may
remember our sprinkler so I can just run
it with the fan off till it heats up and
you cut it it should pull that stuff
back in the radiator it's just lovely
just lovely there's this letter bro
I'm not going to turn the fan on because
I do want the heat level to rise so that
we can do
so I did what I said I was going to do I
cranked her up I let her get warm my
neighbor walked over here so I shut it
off but then I came back and checked it
and it's full of antifreeze now you can
see it right there whereas before it
would go down and it wouldn't come back
so that meant that this thing was going
to be low of antifreeze low enough for
me to see the tops of these fins here
which is not good because if at you know
if basically no bigger than that
radiator is you take part of the water
out of it leave it out of it these
radiators are built to have water back
in there to be all good so I'd say she's
all good now